keybinds.md, before:

# Keybinds

Radison's personal set of keybinds, all in one place.

## [Mac Keyboard Shortcuts](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236)

### System Default

| Key(s) | Binding |
| --- | --- |
| `Command-G` | Find next occurence |
| `Shift-Command-G` | Find prev occurence |
| `Command-H` | Hide the window that is currently focused |
| `Option-Command-H` | Hide everything except the window that is currently focused |
| `Command-M` | Minimize the focused window |
| `Command-O` | Open the selected item |
| `Command-T` | Open a new tab |
| `Command-W` | Close the focused window |
| `Option-Command-W` | Close all windows of focused app |
| `Command-Tab` | Switch between apps |
| `Command-Grave` | Switch between windows of focused app |
| `Command-Comma` | Open preferences of focused app |
| `Shift-Command-N` | Create new folder in Finder |

## Application Specific

| Key(s) | Binding |
| --- | --- |
| `Option-Space` | Things 3 \[Global], Quick Entry with Autofill (if context is available) |
| `Option-Command-[*]` | Rectangle \[Global], regex command space, see toolbar for shortcuts |
| `Control-Command-RightArrow` | Safari, Show next tab |
| `Control-Command-LeftArrow` | Safari, Show previous tab |
| `Shift-Command-T` | Safari, Duplicate tab |

Commit message:

feat: added cursor config, prompts, bumped zsh config

keybinds.md, after:

# Keybinds

Radison's personal set of keybinds, all in one place.

## [Mac Keyboard Shortcuts](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236)

### Window Management

| Key(s) | Binding |
| --- | --- |
| `Command-H` | Hide the window that is currently focused |
| `Option-Command-H` | Hide everything except the window that is currently focused |
| `Command-M` | Minimize the focused window |
| `Command-O` | Open the selected item |
| `Command-T` | Open a new tab |
| `Command-W` | Close the focused window |
| `Option-Command-W` | Close all windows of focused app |
| `Command-Tab` | Switch between apps |
| `Command-Grave` | Switch between windows of focused app |
| `Command-Comma` | Open preferences of focused app |
| `Shift-Command-N` | Create new folder in Finder |

### Text Manipulation

| Key(s) | Binding |
| --- | --- |
| `Command-RightArrow` | Jump to end of line |
| `Command-LeftArrow` | Jump to beginning of line |
| `Option-RightArrow` | Jump to next word |
| `Option-LeftArrow` | Jump to previous word |
| `Command-UpArrow` | Jump to beginning of document |
| `Command-DownArrow` | Jump to end of document |
| `Command-G` | Find next occurence |
| `Shift-Command-G` | Find prev occurence |
| `Command-H` | Find and replace |
| `Command-D` | Select next occurrence of word |
| `Command-L` | Select current line |
| `Command-K` | Delete from cursor to end of line |
| `Command-Backspace` | Delete from cursor to beginning of line |
| `Option-Delete` | Delete previous word |
| `Command-Delete` | Delete next word |
| `Shift-Command-LeftArrow` | Select to beginning of line |
| `Shift-Command-RightArrow` | Select to end of line |
| `Shift-Option-LeftArrow` | Select previous word |
| `Shift-Option-RightArrow` | Select next word |
| `Shift-Command-UpArrow` | Select to beginning of document |
| `Shift-Command-DownArrow` | Select to end of document |

## Application Specific

| Key(s) | Binding |
| --- | --- |
| `Option-Space` | Things 3 \[Global], Quick Entry with Autofill (if context is available) |
| `Control-Space` | ChatGPT \[Global], floating chat window |
| `Option-Command-[*]` | Rectangle \[Global], regex command space, see toolbar for shortcuts |
| `Control-Command-RightArrow` | Safari, Show next tab |
| `Control-Command-LeftArrow` | Safari, Show previous tab |
| `Shift-Command-T` | Safari, Duplicate tab |
